Create 2024-06-27-5th-issue-newsletter.md (#2613) (#2614)
OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io: _posts/2024-06-27-5th-issue-newsletter.md

### New ontologies currently under review 

* The [Biomarker Ontology](https://github.com/OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io/issues/2604) (BMO) is a comprehensive knowledge representation involving a variety of fields of medical and biological aspects for improving biomarker identification tasks, as well as a supportive integratable tool for abundant AI techniques, such as Machine Learning (ML) and Large Learning Model (LLM). It is being reviewed by Deepak Unni.
* The [Physiologically-Based Pharmacokinetics](https://github.com/OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io/issues/2563#issuecomment-2134427660) (PBPK) ontology is a comprehensive framework designed to systematically capture and represent the intricate relationships and behaviors of pharmacokinetic processes within living organisms. It is being reviewed by Alex Diehl.

### Spotlight on well-established OBO ontologies

> In this issue, we continue our ontology spotlight series, highlighting two other ontologies from the OBO Foundry family, [Chemical Entities of Biological Interest (ChEBI)](https://obofoundry.org/ontology/chebi.html)  and [Environment Ontology ](https://obofoundry.org/ontology/envo.html)

Author: ```suggestion
In this issue, we continue our ontology spotlight series, highlighting two other ontologies from the OBO Foundry family, [Chemical Entities of Biological Interest (ChEBI)](https://obofoundry.org/ontology/chebi.html)  and [Vaccine Ontology (VO)](https://obofoundry.org/ontology/vo.html)
```

Author: cc @LK112019
